DA is not visible yet. as earlier discussed in the past, the Project which have location office is not applicable for DA(No DA), the project whose location is local is applicable for Rs. 300/day DA(shall calculate from the 
timesheet hours. more than 6 hours for local project only. in a day employe can work on more than 1 project and total work duration must be more than 6 hours for local project to get the DA). For Domestic project DA shall be 
 Rs. 600/day. if employee is working for domestic project for more than 2 months(60 days) then extended DA of rs. 150/day shall be applicable from the day 1 of the emplouees timesheet date. if employee works less than 60 days
 for domestic project let say 59 days and return to the office work for any local project for 2 days and then go to the domestic project again then extended DA is not applicable. In case of International Project, DA can be 
 given on hourly or Daily basis. hence while creating the project Manager shall be able to define the DA rate hourly or Daily, extra hours DA hourly or fixed rate for employee. also while creating the project manager shall be 
 able to add total budget of the project if project is turnkey. so that all expenses and DA given to employee shall substract from the total budget to get the final value of the project. if project is service base and charging 
 customer on daily/hourly basis then manager shall be able to add all of this while creating the project. Rate chaged for customer, daily or hourly basis. if the rate is daily basis then employee submitted timesheet days shall 
 be consider to calculate the projects earnings. if the rate is hourly basis then employee submitted timesheet hours shall be consider to calculate the projects earnings.  DA is earning for emplyee but for comapny its expense. 
 hence in employee dashboard DA and expenses shall look like receivable to employees. but expenses and DA are expenses for company hence shall substract from the total budget of the project (incase of turnkey project) and if 
 project is service type then the rate applicable to customer shall keep adding based on employee timesheet (example, if rate applicable for customer is 5000 rs/day, employee submit 1 day timesheet then project budget will be 
 Rs.5000, 10 days of timesheet submitted by employee then project budget shall rasie to Rs. 50000. DA of 10 days for local project shall be 3000 and other expenses submitted by the employee shall be subtract from total project 
 budget. whenever manager wants to check the project cost/expenses, total earnings, he must be able to see the details till date. once the project is closed then manager can change the status of project as complete. project
 completion is 2 types. 1 is technical completions. when technical work is complete then manager can complete the tech work completion status. next is invoicing completion. when all transacations from customer, employee against 
 that project are complete, then manager can change the  staus of project as commercially complete. i know its complicated. but please restructurize the above given flow, inputs and give me best possible workflow in details. 
 so that we can apply it to the code development. flow shall be employee shall submit the expenses, DA shall automatically get calculated based on all above condition and must visible to employee in expnese page as earning. 
 becase expense done by employee are also reimbursement and emplyee will receive it from company along with DA. also after submission, accountant shall be able to see the expenses for office project. for local project, expenses 
 and DA with required details like project name, date, receipt, actions. for domestic project expenses and DA with required details like project name, expense/DA date, number of days employee working on the domestich 
 project(from timesheet), receipt, actions. for international project expenses and DA with required details like project name, expense/DA date, number of hours(from timesheet), receipt, actions.